- send() :
	exactly the same as write() except that we can use flags in the last
	argument.
	flags that might be usefull:
	- MSG_NOSIGNAL: send's return still gives an error and sets ernno, but the
		SIGPIPE signal is NOT raised if the other end of the socket is closed.
	- MSG_OOB: we should use this only to send an exception message. that would
		be what we need to do on the client side to check if our server handles
		this properly.
	- MSG_DONTWAIT (since Linux 2.2)
        Enables nonblocking operation; if the operation would
        block, EAGAIN or EWOULDBLOCK is returned.  This provides
        similar behavior to setting the O_NONBLOCK flag (via the
        fcntl(2) F_SETFL operation), but differs in that
        MSG_DONTWAIT is a per-call option, whereas O_NONBLOCK is a
        setting on the open file description (see open(2)), which
        will affect all threads in the calling process and as well
        as other processes that hold file descriptors referring to
        the same open file description.

- recv() :
	If no messages are available at the socket, the receive calls wait for a
	message to arrive, unless the socket is nonblocking (see fcntl(2)), in
	which case the value -1 is returned and the external variable errno is set
	to EAGAIN or EWOULDBLOCK. The receive calls normally return any data
	available, up to the requested amount, rather than waiting for receipt of
	the full amount requested.

	differences between recv() and read(), just the flags we can add to recv():
	- MSG_OOB
              This flag requests receipt of out-of-band data that would
              not be received in the normal data stream.  Some protocols
              place expedited data at the head of the normal data queue,
              and thus this flag cannot be used with such protocols.
	- MSG_DONTWAIT
			An alternative to setting O_NONBLOCK, it is a per-call feature.

- bind() : in the "socket address stcuture", for the IP Address:
	Most of the time, we don’t care to specify a specific interface and can let
	the operating system use whatever it wants. The special address for this is
	0.0.0.0, defined by the symbolic constant INADDR_ANY.

